align tip param and call-read schema with runtime (#6941)
stacks-network/stacks-core: docs/rpc-endpoints.md

### GET /v2/pox

Get current PoX-relevant information. See the [OpenAPI spec](./rpc/openapi.yaml) for details.

> This endpoint accepts a querystring parameter `?tip=` to control which chain tip state is queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint accepts a query string parameter `?tip=` to control which chain tip state is queried.
```
